---
title: Teaching
category: teaching
---

## 2020, Semester 2

### Our Planet, Our Health II (UNIB20020)

I was invited to give a lecture about seasonal and pandemic influenza, human and animal surveillance systems, and how we can use mathematical models to inform pandemic preparedness and response (including the COVID-19 pandemic).
This was followed by a Q&A session, in which the students asked some excellent questions.

## 2018, Semester 1

### Declarative Programming (COMP90048)

In a return to my academic roots, I will be co-lecturing this subject with
Prof Peter Stuckey, who was my lecturer for *Computing Fundamentals A*
(433-141) all the way back in 2000.

## 2017, Semester 2

### Infectious Diseases Modelling (POPH90271)

The second iteration of this subject, we have adapted some of the content and
assessment in response to student feedback from the 2016 edition (which was
generally very positive).

## 2016, Semester 2

### Infectious Diseases Modelling (POPH90271)

Running for the first time, this subject introduces students to the concepts
of infectious diseases modelling that are necessary in order to interpret
modelling papers in the context of public health.
Students will develop confidence in assessing whether model frameworks
incorporate relevant knowledge and are "fit for purpose" to support decision
making.

### Mathematics for Biomedicine (MAST10016)

In this guest lecture I will introduce several applications of mathematical
modelling to renal physiology and infectious disease epidemiology, including
probabilistic epidemic forecasting.
As per my 2015 lecture, I will emphasise the breadth of research applications
available to people with strong mathematical skills.

## 2015, Semester 2

### Advanced Modelling: Case Studies (MAST90080)

In this course I will discuss the role the kidneys play in *homeostasis*,
introduce some basic renal physiology concepts, and present an overview of
several mathematical models of whole-kidney function and renal blood flow
autoregulation.

### Mathematics for Biomedicine (MAST10016)

In this guest lecture I will introduce several applications of mathematical
modelling to renal physiology and infectious disease epidemiology, with an
emphasis on the breadth of research applications available to people with
strong mathematical skills.
